1: When you get to the house, you have two choices, to ask the villagers nearby about the house, or to charge in right away.;(c,v)
2 (charge): As you charge in, you notice that the house is much larger and older than it seems on the outside. It's more the size of a mansion. Right in front of you are three rooms, the kitchen, the living room, and the sitting room. Which do you take?;(k,ls)
3 (kitchen): In the kitchen, you take a look around. There's another corridor heading out into a hallway. There's a can of mustard in the refrigerator, as well as some raw meat and some very fresh dill. In the drawers, there are knives, spoons, and other kitchen supplies. On top of the counters sits a microwave and an air fryer. As you are looking around, you hear a creaking sound behind you. You think it might have been the creaking of the house, but you're unsure of what to do. While turning around, you notice a pile of bones in a corner. Do you investigate the bones, run into the corridor leading forward, or go back and investigate?;(irg)
4 (bones): In the pile of bones, you notice that the bones are severely decayed. With the remaining fragments, you conclude that the bones are not human, but from a rabbit. But suddenly, behind you, steps a dust monster.{;"
5 (go back): Going back, you notice that the rooms have changed. The exit that was once there is no longer there. It seems to have changed into a ballroom. You shudder, backtrack, and head towards the kitchen corridor. ;"
6 (run forward): Going into the corridor leading forward, you end up in a library. But this library is different from other libraries. There's an eerie feeling in the air, almost like spirits floating around. There aren't any tables or chairs, just rows of books on bookshelves arranged in a spiral. Ahead of you are two doors. All of a sudden, your head begins to hurt, but the pain eases after a while. You decide to go to the right door, but then a voice whispers in your ear, "Go to the left door…". Do you go to the left or the right?;(lr)
7 (leftfirst): Upon entering the left door, you immediately fall into a bottomless pit and keep falling for eternity.;//over;
8 (right): Upon entering the right door, you notice that there's a long corridor ahead of you. The voice in your head curses you for disobeying it and tells you to go back and take the left door. Your gut tells you to keep going forward. Which way to go?;(l,f)
9 (leftsecond): Upon backtracking, you take the left door. Upon entering it, you take a look around and realize that it's a cave system. The voice in your head tells you that there are three ways out of the cave tunnels, the path leading to freedom, the path leading to imprisonment, and death. As you search around, there appears to be no light anywhere, only long tunnels forward. The voice says, "The way out with your life is long and hard. Kill yourself and let the house have your life." Which way to go, death or forward, or back through the right door?;(df,r)
10 (death): You take out the knife in your pocket and level it at your chest. You think for a bit, but decide to plunge it deep into your heart. Your vision grows groggy and you collapse. Surprisingly, after what seems to be a year, you wake up again. Looking at yourself, you realize that you're now one of the monsters that roam the house. The voice in your head says, "Foolish human, decided to take the easy way out, huh?!? Now, kill any humans that get in this place!";//over;
11 (Forwards): |After exhaustingly reaching the end of the cave system, there are two exits in front of you, one with lots of light (seemingly to be an exit), and the other has what seems to be a movie theater with a movie playing. Your stomach twists and you long to go for the exit, but the voice in your head says, "I know that you want to leave, but the goal of your journey is in the movie theater. Go and rescue your special one." Which way to go?;(lr)
12 (Left): After running out of the cave system, you rejoice in the fact that you're out of the house and you start running towards the village. As you keep going, you notice that your head grows lighter as if a huge weight was being taken off. Your heart, however, grows heavier with emotion as you realize that your friend was moments away from being saved. A look behind reveals that the house has sunken beneath the earth and there is no way to reenter. There's no way to go but to keep running. When you reach the village, a friendly couple greets you, and you board with them for a couple of days before returning home on an airplane. All the while, you feel more and more guilty for saving yourself and leaving your friend behind in the movie theater. You fall deeper and deeper into depression, eventually leading to your suicide.;//over;
13 (Right (movie theater)): Walking into the movie theater's left wing, you notice something's not right. There are tons of people in front of you, some with ragged clothes and green skin. There are also some with dust completely covering them. After staring down the seats, you spot your friend in the right-top wing of the theater. You're about to walk over to him when you instinctively look at the movie, you realize that it's an action comedy movie, one of your favorites, and you suddenly have a burning desire to watch the movie. You want so badly to sit down and watch, but there's an overwhelming feeling in your stomach to go and rescue your friend.;||;
14 (Sit down and watch (lost)): As you sit down and watch, your senses get absorbed into the movie. After a while, all you can think about is the movie. You can't move, your body and mind are filled with longing for the movie, and your legs feel as heavy as 70 pounds. Hours go by. The movie begins looping, but you keep wanting to watch. Days go by. Weeks and years go by. Your clothes grow ragged, just like the other people. Your skin grows green from a lack of sunlight. You turn into a mindless zombie and stay in front of the screen for centuries.;//over;
15 (Walk over to the friend (win)): You decide to walk over to your friend, but while you do so, you step through three zombies' line of sight. Suddenly, they stand up and start walking toward you, intending to kill you.[After defeating the zombies, you realize that if the zombie sees you, they will attack. However, walking behind or underneath won't bother them at all. After carefully walking through, you finally reach your friend. However, your friend doesn't look the way he used to. He has become one of the zombies. Upon seeing him, you panic, but due to the nervous atmosphere of the house, you tense and start cursing aloud. To your amazement, your friend looks up at you and appears to recognize you. He gets up and starts following you wherever you go. You try to communicate with him, but he can't speak. You decide to lead him back into the cave system you were in earlier and take the left exit. However, the voice in your head says, "It's easy to take the other people now. Don't be selfish and take only your friend…". You think that that's not a bad idea, but you remember the other zombies that tried to stop you. Will you help the other zombies, and will you go for the exit with only your friend?;(he)
16 (Help the other zombies): You walk to another person in the theater and try to wake him up by shouting, but it's not successful. The only option you have is to walk in front of them, but you are reluctant to. But the thought of saving everyone rankles in your mind, and you decide to run all across the theater. Soon enough, everyone gets up and starts going for you. But there is only one person in the room that's not malicious towards you, and that's your friend. You look around, trying to find the exit, but you soon realize that one, there are too many zombies blocking your way, and two, there is no exit. The voice in your head says, "Haha foolish one! You think that this house is letting you with a bunch of zombies walk out? Now, die!!!" You try to run, but there's nowhere to go. The hoard of zombies surrounds you. You become buried beneath it. Soon, they disperse. You are nothing but a pile of bones.;//over;
17 (Going with only your friend (if you haven't discovered the secrets of the house)): You lead your friend carefully through the crowd of zombies, eventually reaching the left exit on the other side of the movie theater. You go back through the exit, through the cave, and exit on the left side. It's a sunny day, and you're exhilarant that you made it out with your and your friend's life. Your friend still follows. As you walk out of the house, you notice your friend hesitating to do the same. You urge your friend to come out. Your friend shakes his head and points at the sun. You realize that he hasn't had the sun in a long time, and too much sun might be bad. You slowly lead out of the house, into the sunlight. The more he goes into the sunlight, the brighter his skin becomes. He starts to try to speak, and could finally start making noises. All the vitamin D is going everywhere. As your friend steps into the sunlight, he becomes the friend you always knew. You guys embrace and head towards the village, to start a new life.;//over;
18 (Going with only your friend (and discovering the secrets of the house)): You go back through the exit, through the cave, and exit on the left side.}After you defeat the monster, you exit the house. It's a sunny day, and you're exhilarant that you made it out with your and your friend's life. Your friend still follows. As you walk out of the house, you notice your friend hesitating to do the same. You urge your friend to come out. Your friend shakes his head and points at the sun. You realize that he hasn't had the sun in a long time, and too much sun might be bad. You slowly lead out of the house, into the sunlight. The more he goes into the sunlight, the brighter his skin becomes. He starts to try to speak, and could finally start making noises. All the vitamin D is going everywhere. As your friend steps into the sunlight, he becomes the friend you always knew. You guys embrace and head towards the village, to start a new life.;//over;